Update office-add-ins-community-call.md (#3835)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/overview/office-add-ins-community-call.md

The Microsoft Office Add-ins community call is a monthly call where you can learn more about new features, development practices, and additional information about creating Office Add-ins. The community call occurs the second Wednesday of each month at 8:00 AM Pacific Time. You can download the calendar invite at https://aka.ms/officeaddinscommunitycall.

## Agenda for February 8, 2023 call

The agenda for February's Office Add-ins community call is the following:

> David Chesnut will be going over how to create an Excel spreadsheet from your website, then embed your add-in, and populate it with data. 

Reviewer: I think the order of operations should be this:
```suggestion
David Chesnut will be going over how to create an Excel spreadsheet from your website, populate it with data, and embed your add-in. 
```

> Yun Wang will be providing us with updates on new Word apis that are now available. 

Reviewer: Suggestion for brevity. Also, APIs should be capitalized as such.
```suggestion
Yun Wang will be updating us on new Word APIs that are now available. 
```

> Nikita Mittal and Juan Balmori Labra will be providing us with updates on the new Outlook extensibility. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nikita Mittal and Juan Balmori Labra will be updating us on the new Outlook extensibility. 
```
